---
title: AIDA Data Hub Data Science Platform privacy policy
description: Privacy policy for Data Science Platform
---

# Privacy policy for Data Science Platform

## About the service

Data Science Platform (“DSP”) offers a set of services for managing
data in various ways, including traditional cloud services such as
virtual machines and storage. The product portfolio is evolving and
this privacy policy may be updated as needed. The latest revision was
2025-02-07.

## What this privacy policy describes

This documents the processing of your data as a direct user of the
DSP. It does not document any processing the platform provides per
instructions from data controllers (e.g. storing sensitive data for
research projects).

## What information we process

We process and store details about your memberships/entitlements,
accesses, requests (what you “do” on platform, e.g. create a virtual
machine, log in, et.c.).

Additionally we process and store your name, email address, IP
addresses you access from - where on the Internet you connect from -
along with a reference to your identity at Life Science Login.

## Why do we do so?

Your project memberships and roles are required to enable you to have
access to your data and services, and to ensure that those that
shouldn’t have access do not have. Processing of access information is
also required for troubleshooting purposes, quality improvement, and
statistics.

Resource use and related metrics are required for usage reporting and
billing.

Access logs and other security related information are required for
fulfilling legal obligations.

## What is the legal basis for our processing?

Parts of the processing is required for us to fulfill our commitments
in delivering services to your organization and fulfill contractual
obligations. Other parts of the processing we are legally required to
perform.

## What are your rights?

You are entitled to know what data we process about you, and if
anything is wrong, you are entitled to request to have that
information corrected. You also have the right to know what the legal
basis is for our processing, and how the information is used. If you
are not happy with a decision we make, you have the right to appeal.

## Who are we?

DSP is operated by AIDA Data Hub hosted at CMIV, Linköpings
universitet. The legal entity is Linköpings universitet (Swedish
corporate identity number: 202100-3096). DSP operations can be reached
at [aida-compute@nbis.se](mailto:aida-compute@nbis.se) and you can reach the
data protection officer for Linköpings universitet at
[dataskyddsombud@liu.se](mailto:dataskyddsombud@liu.se).
